Update description of Application Gateway mTLS auth server variable `client_certificate_verification` (#128589)
Azure/azure-content: articles/application-gateway/rewrite-http-headers-url.md

| client_certificate_serial | The serial number of the client certificate for an established SSL connection.  |
| client_certificate_start_date| The start date of the client certificate. |
| client_certificate_subject| The "subject DN" string of the client certificate for an established SSL connection. |

> | client_certificate_verification| The result of the client certificate verification. For mTLS passthrough mode: *PASSTHROUGH* if a certificate is presented, otherwise *NONE*. For mTLS strict mode: *SUCCESS* if a valid certificate is presented, otherwise an empty string. | 

Reviewer: Proposed wording based on testing of all situations on a publicly available implementation of Application Gateway.

```suggestion
| client_certificate_verification| The result of the client certificate verification. In mTLS passthrough mode: *PASSTHROUGH* when the client presents a certificate, or *NONE* when it doesn't. In mTLS strict mode: *SUCCESS* when the client presents a valid certificate. In strict mode, Application Gateway returns HTTP 400 for a missing or invalid client certificate before it forwards the request, so the backend never receives a value. To review those outcomes, use the `sslClientVerify` property in the [access log](monitor-application-gateway-reference.md#access-log-category). |
```
